Update Writing-tests md (#1087)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/learn/testing-ballerina-code/mocking.md

The Ballerina test framework provides the capability to mock a function. Using the mocking feature, you can easily mock a function in a module that you are testing or a function of an imported module. This feature will help you to test your Ballerina code independently from other modules and functions.

> The object specified with the `@test:Mock {}` annotation will be considered as a mock function that gets triggered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The object specified with the `@test:Mock {}` annotation will be considered as a mock function that gets triggered.
```

> `moduleName : "<moduleName>"` : Name of the module where the function to be mocked resides in. If the function is within the same module, this can be left blank or "." (No module) can be passed. If the function is in a different module, but within the same project, just passing the module name will suffice. For functions in completely seperate modules, the fully qualified module name must be passed, which includes the `orgName` and the `version`. ie. `orgName/module:version`. For native function, the ballerina module needs to be specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   ***moduleName : "&lt;moduleName&gt;"*** - (optional) Name of the module where the function to be mocked resides in. If the function is within the same module, this can be left blank or "." (No module) can be passed. If the function is in a different module, but within the same project, just passing the module name will suffice. For functions in completely seperate modules, the fully qualified module name must be passed, which includes the `orgName` and the `version`. ie. `orgName/module:version`. For native function, the ballerina module needs to be specified.
```

> `functionName : "<functionName>"` : Name of the function to be mocked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   ***functionName : "&lt;functionName&gt;"*** - Name of the function to be mocked.
```

> *   ***functionName : "&lt;functionName&gt;"*** : Name of the function to be mocked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   ***functionName : "&lt;functionName&gt;"*** - Name of the function to be mocked.
```

> *   ***functionName : "&lt;functionName&gt;"*** : - Name of the function to be mocked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   ***functionName : "&lt;functionName&gt;"*** - Name of the function to be mocked.
```

The Ballerina test framework provides the capability to mock a function. Using the mocking feature, you can easily mock a function in a module that you are testing or a function of an imported module. This feature will help you to test your Ballerina code independently from other modules and functions.

The object specified with the `@test:Mock {}` annotation will be considered as a mock function that gets triggered in place of the real function.

> *   ***moduleName : "&lt;moduleName&gt;"*** - (optional) Name of the module where the function to be mocked resides in. If the function is within the same module, this can be left blank or "." (No module) can be passed. If the function is in a different module, but within the same project, just passing the module name will suffice. For functions in completely seperate modules, the fully qualified module name must be passed, which includes the `orgName` and the `version`. ie. `orgName/module:version`. For native function, the ballerina module needs to be specified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*   ***moduleName : "&lt;moduleName&gt;"*** - (optional) Name of the module in which the function to be mocked resides in. If the function is within the same module, this can be left blank or "." (no module) can be passed. If the function is in a different module but within the same project, just passing the module name will suffice. For functions in completely separate modules, the fully-qualified module name must be passed, which includes the `orgName` and the `version` i.e., `orgName/module:version`. For native functions, the Ballerina module needs to be specified.
```

Author: Pushed amended changes

}
```

This test stubs the behaviour of an imported function to substitute it with a user-defined mock function.

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```ballerina
```

@test:Mock {
    // This specifies a mock function that should replace the
    // imported function `math:sqrt`.
    moduleName: "ballerina/math",
    functionName: "sqrt"
}
test:MockFunction sqrtMockFn = new();

> // This is a mock function that can be called in place of `math:sqrt` function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// This is a mock function that can be called in place of the `math:sqrt` function.
```

Author: Pushed amended changes

}
```

> #### Stubbing to invoke another function in place of an imported function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Stubbing to invoke another function in place of the real function
```
